LY to O3DE Migration Documents (#149)
o3de/community: Migration Guides/Lumberyard to O3DE/EMFX/README.md

# Migration guideline for animation: From Lumberyard to O3DE

## Overview

> This article is the migration guide for any Lumberyard customer trying to migrate their game to O3DE, with specific focus on animation assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document aims to be provide an initial migration guide for any Lumberyard customer trying to migrate their game to O3DE, with specific focus on animation assets.
```

> We will be covering assets that are commonly used in the animation editor, including but not limited to: actor, motion, motionset, animgraph and workspace. This article is designed to be the go-to document to collect all the questions and answers for migrating animation related files from Lumberyard 1.28 to O3DE.

Reviewer: Nit: unclear who "We" is is this document. Consider avoiding pronouns and using "This guide" etc.

Author: Nice catch, :)
